hello guys this is I don't power and
this is idle power arena so yep we go
and have a nice battle inside this arena
with the two iron golems and 50 zombies
so this is going to be hell of a fight
really hopefully will be a very very
hard fight very cool fight so mmm let's
spawn let's get out the zombies are all
the iron golems let's try to small the
iron golems first while he started
attacking straight away so let's get
them out Wow what the hell oh there's
some still stuck in there oh okay they
look like he's like playing basketball
and that one holding his brother skin oh
that's a zombie chef Laura I'll probably
good it from the first fight I was
trying to do a test on so despite going
to be very easy for the iron golems I
believe let's spawn some villagers and
see how it goes with the villagers
alrighty my god these are linked iron
golems are very very tough what the hell
he said look at them they following the
bed and the villagers they look him
really cool oh my oh he gave up oh no
one runs run before you be turned I
think of it he will be 10 oh they killed
him cool okay so basically they trying
to catch the villagers in the outside of
the arena this is the last zombie one to
two hits and dead this is the whole
fight over inna guys angolan won the
battle and this is was so freaking easy
this is nothing to the angle i could
have spawned only one iron golem and I
know he will kill even a hundred of them
or maybe 200 cuz um be so stupid they
don't attack that much so yep I hope you
do like that quick battle guys and I
hope you do enjoy the little fight
although these iron golems are so tough
but i'll be seeing you with my next
fight in this arena iron golems against
their skeletons so hopefully will be
harder than this fight yeah probably
leave the same two iron golems oh no no
I have to change them to see how much
they will you know stay alive so let's
kill them myself my god they look like
really new Wow anything too much damage
wow that was hard I have to spawn
another new to one's for their skeletons
I may put like a hundred is skeleton to
see how it goes next time so please
leave leave message leave comments about
your me to put a hundred skeleton to see
what's going to happen and hopefully
it'll be really hard fight for the iron
golem so yeah please don't forget to
Like favorite sub that would be great
big support and I thank you all very
much for you support stay tuned and I'll
see you soon with the next battle so
goodbye for now bye bye